Chapter6

The wolves kept growling, but they didn't attack.

Naveen looked in the direction of the voice and saw someone stepping out from beneath the trees.

If not for all the dirt, she would have looked like a normal girl, except for her eyes. Those eyes were as dark as a panther's coat with absolutely no color. They seemed to absorb the light around them, and it made her appear inhuman.

She wasn't what he'd expected, although still quite terrifying. Instead of an old hag - which he should have known better than to expect - she was only about eighteen. Her slim frame would have came across as fragile, if not for the way she met his eyes. There wasn't even a flinch when a wolf brushed by her. This had to be the Jungle Witch. Naveen couldn't help but think they had been better off with the wolves.

"Humans," she said the word as if it were a curse.

He realized that her voice hadn't been the one that had ordered the wolves to stop their attack. There was someone else in the shadows.

Naveen swallowed around the lump of fear in his throat. Something moved near the witch's feet. He saw a small brown rabbit rub against her leg. The witch leaned down and picked it up. She cradled it in one arm and stroked it gently with the other.

Maybe she wasn't so bad, Naveen thought. The rabbit didn't seem afraid of her. The animal turned it's cute little head to him. Just when his shoulders relaxed, it bared vicious fangs. Naveen stumbled back with a yelp.

The witch chuckled a little as the rabbit's teeth returned to normal. She set it down so it could return to its burrow.

Ebony Desai examined the two humans with suspicion and irritation. She hated humans and had since she was nine years old. As far as she was concerned, they were a worthless species with an unreasonable fear of anything and everything. She was surprised these two braved the wilds of Basilisk Jungle. It made her wonder just what was so important to them.

"Are you Lady Ebony?" the younger of the two humans asked with a quiver to his voice. He seemed very pale and shaky, though he was doing his best to hide it.

She tilted her head slightly. He'd used her title, something she hadn't heard in years. Most of the time she forgot she had one. Hearing it now made her feel like she was being stuffed into a skin that didn't quite fit.

Her eyes scanned him up and down, taking his measure. He was about her height, which would be short for a man. Well, calling him a man might be generous. By the look of him, he was probably a few years younger than she was. Maybe around fifteen give or take a year, she estimated. The clothes he wore, while plain, were well made, which told her he came from wealth.

His wide, brown eyes held both awe and fear, something she received from most humans. His skin had a gray cast to it, as if he were a little ill. That was probably the fear. She got the impression he thought she'd turn him into a toad or something equally terrible. A thought process she didn't discourage because it kept the humans out of the jungle...most of the time.

She was never sure why humans always thought she wanted to turn them into toads. Not only would that be a waste of her time, it would insult toads everywhere. If she turned them into anything it would be something inanimate, like a rock. She was sure some bugs would enjoy having a new place to hide.

"What do you want?" She didn't bother hiding her hostility. Why should she? It was justified. The humans had chased her out of her home just days after her father's murder. Was she supposed to just ignore that?

The older man shifted at her tone into a defensive stance. Despite his stance, he seemed very calm. In fact, she'd almost swear he wasn't afraid of her at all. That was completely new to her and stirred curiosity and concern. Those who were afraid behaved themselves while here.

He was built like a bear, all muscle and enormous in size. Even his hair made her think of a bear's pelt in coloring. He was older than she was by at least a decade. The man wore the uniform of the soldiers from her home city of Rivera, which consisted of brown pants tucked into black boots and a white long sleeved shirt tied shut with a deep red sash. Judging from the patch of a black circle with a star in the center on his upper arm, he was a high ranking soldier. Something about his face triggered a memory that she couldn't quite bring to the surface.

"We...well you see..." the scared one stuttered out as his gray skin turned pale.

The soldier gave the boy a calm stare that sent some sort of message to him.