Chapter1

Naveen Mista stared at the wooden sign. It was a little crooked and the paint had dripped down the scarred wood before drying. He read, 'Basilisk Jungle: Humans Not Welcome.' How very reassuring.

He looked at the path leading into the jungle. It was overgrown now, because most would rather risk the wetlands than go into Basilisk Jungle.

"I'm not so sure this is a good idea," he told his commander with some misgivings.

Commander Abhay of Rivera's guard looked at the boy, who'd turned fifteen within the last lunar cycle. "It's this, or risk killing someone during your transformation."

Naveen scowled at the trees of Basilisk Jungle. The shadows beneath the branches seemed to dance, and he could have sworn that there were eyes watching him. Somewhere in those shadows lived the Jungle Witch, a figure that haunted the horror stories of his youth and scared children into behaving.

Fear bubbled into his throat, but Naveen swallowed it. "Let's get this over with."

Naveen reluctantly followed his commander into the jungle. Once under the trees, everything was eerily silent and absolutely nothing moved. Naveen found himself trying to look everywhere at once for anything that wanted to eat him. His heart thudded in his ears and his muscles were tied in knots. A bush shook, making him jump into the air. A rabbit hopped out from the leaves and scurried into a hole.

"It was only a rabbit," Abhay said with just a hint of scolding.

"The Jungle Witch could have given it fangs," Naveen pointed out sullenly.

Abhay shook his head but said nothing else. The boy really had to learn to quit being such a coward. Right now, there were more pressing matters to handle, such as the curse on Naveen's family.

A howl erupted into the air. Naveen jumped again and spun around towards the sound with a hand on his sword. Nothing was there.

"Keep calm, Naveen," Abhay ordered, careful to keep his own hands clasped behind his back, mostly to help keep Naveen calm.

Leaves rustled, and somewhere something growled. Another howl ripped through the silence. Above them, a tree branch moved as if new weight was added. Twigs and nuts began to pelt Naveen and Abhay from the trees.

"Ouch," Naveen shouted, rubbing at a new bruise as he searched the trees for their attackers. To his surprise, he saw squirrels. With more bravery than he felt, he said, "It's only squirrels."

The moment the words left his mouth, a low growl erupted from beneath the trees. A pack of wolves slinked out of the shadows. Their golden eyes were narrowed and their very impressive fangs were displayed for their prey to see.

Naveen stumbled back and grabbed his sword hilt again. "Commander?"

"Keep calm," Abhay ordered again. He placed a hand on his own sword and shifted into a fighting stance.

Hackles rose as the wolves prepared to pounce.

"Wait," a voiced hissed out of the shadows. "I want to hear what they have to say."


